[Music]
so today I'm going to be cutting my
peoples hair I don't have English no I
do not have training on how to do this
I've just always done it yeah I think
the last time I actually got a haircut
and a salon was when I was like six I've
always just kind of done it myself
so all the time so we'll see if this
turns out lot sided it usually does but
then it goes I got again and then it
anyway so we'll see how this turns out
[Music]
okay well if you are your hair cut that
I get to make a video I'm gonna talk in
it so the first thing you want to do
before tying your hair is to get it wet
[Music]
don't try to go pasta no no no no don't
no that's dumb please
oh my gosh my brother's really like
darling my try potty in the Darwin he
literally crawl under my tribe ah you
better be glad you're small okay so next
I've got a comb make sure these are even
which probably will end up being the
case anyway so so we'll see if this
turns out a lot sided it usually I have
people pair to cut in here to die and
hair to curl down here people mom
so what do you want me to do do child
chow
[Music]
now you know who the mean sister is oh
yeah people the one who's getting their
hair cut
welcome back everybody I mean welcome
back to me you partner I know that's an
important factor just talk to me I got a
good part
you said pop on a good pot I mean this
isn't gonna work just gonna have to talk
to me so there's like an inch or two one
I'm doing like a thumbs length like your
full thumb yeah no let me get the dead
ends on if I don't do that what I would
do as a little kid and I would cut my
siblings hair when I was like 11 I would
convince them to let me cut their hair
Oh we'll just cut off the dead ends like
they're here would be like this long and
I hear what you're doing I'm blending
Alice Ava white blending it it heard
some are you
he used to be down here oh no I just
found out that this was on manual focus
so I'm sorry about that all right
Allison pretty final verdict what are
you saying what do you say say that's
pretty good
wait yeah I should comment comment if
you know it thank you guys so much for
watching we really hope you enjoyed this
video if you did don't forget to give it
a thumbs up and if you like to see more
of my videos don't forget to subscribe
down below we'll see you guys next week
bye